● What is Emmet?
Emmet is a built-in plugin in Visual Studio Code (VS Code) that helps web developers write HTML and CSS more efficiently.
Emmet provides a set of shortcuts that can save time and streamline the development process. 
For example, you can type an exclamation mark and then press tab to insert the basic structure of an HTML boilerplate.



● Difference between a Library and Framework?
Libraries can be sued in one part of the project. The developer controls the application flow, including when and where to use the library's functions. 
You can easily replace a library with another one.
The framework controls the application flow, and the developer's code must follow the framework's rules. 
Frameworks are like blueprints for building a house, and the developer must follow the framework's instructions. 
It's difficult to replace a framework. 

● What is CDN? Why do we use it? How it works
A content delivery network (CDN) is a system of servers that speeds up the delivery of web content to users
by storing cached copies of files in data centers near them: 
When a user visits a website, the CDN stores the website's content on servers closer to the user, 
reducing the distance the data has to travel to reach the user's computer. 
This reduces latency, or the delay in communication between the user and the website.

● Why is React known as React?
It "reacts" quickly to changes without reloading the whole page.

● What is crossorigin in script tag?
The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request.CORS stands for Cross Origin Resource sharing.
It is a mechanism that allows sharing of resource from another domain out side of the current domain. 
It is a way to define how a browser and server can interact to determine whether it is safe to allow cross origin request. 

● What is diference between React and ReactDOM
React is a library to build user interfaces. ReactDOM manages the interaction between React and the browser.

● What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
Development files are used for dev builds.
Production.js files are used for profuction builds.

● What is async and defer? - see my Youtube video ;)
Aync: Html parsing continues and script fetching will occur in parallel, 
but once the script is fetched it be executed and rest of the parsing can happen after that
Defer: Html parsing continue and script fetching will occur in parallel but script will only be 
executed once the entire html parsing is complete. Its execution is deferred basically.
